please insert the Graphisoft ArchiCAD
product DVD into your computer you can
also download the installer package of
graphisoft archicad as well as the bim
server from the myarchicad.com website
start the bim server installer
application by clicking the install
Graphisoft BIM server button on the main
page of the install menu it's
recommended to temporarily disable
antivirus applications until completing
this process please select the I accept
radio button after reading the License
Agreement and press the next button to
proceed we recommend using the default
location for installing the BIM server
components in this case you just need to
click Next
if you browse to a custom location it is
strongly recommended that you choose a
folder that is located on the same hard
drive as the operating system click the
install button on the summary page to
start the installation
now that the BIM server components are
installed let's continue with the
configuration of the BIM server we
recommend using the computer name for
the name of the server if you have a
dedicated server machine you can name it
as BIM server 1 for easier
identification on the network click Next
to proceed please define the location of
the architectural design projects please
specify a folder on the BIM server and
avoid using a network location
click Next to proceed please define the
location of the project libraries it is
strongly recommended to store the
libraries on the same computer where the
projects are stored click Next to
proceed step number 3 creating the BIM
server administrator please create the
BIM server administrator account the
administrator can also be someone who
will take part in the teamwork enter a
user name then specify the first and the
last name of the administrator and
finally please also provide a valid
email address
click Next to proceed step number four
set up network access for the BIM server
as we indicated the BIM server is
prepared to provide access through any
standard computer network to archicad
clients if for now you only want to
access your bim server within your
office's local area network the setup is
pretty simple the identification of
computers on a local area network is an
automatic process that does not require
any extra network configuration by
default however if you want to access
the BIM server from the internet or from
office subnets you will need to take
extra steps to make the BIM server
accessible from remote locations as well
no matter in what network setup you
would like to use the Graphisoft BIM
server we will guide you through the
necessary steps in the coming minutes
now please decide about how you would
like to access your BIM server please
click either the inside the office LAN
or over the internet when logos to
proceed please note that if you plan to
setup the BIM server for internet access
you will need some basic understanding
of IT network setup
you